#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\renewcommand\thesubsection{\thesection.\alph{subsection}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
logicalmkup
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\branch refs
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Conclusions and Future Work
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Conclusions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I built a realistic simulation of a robot and its operating conditions,
 and a controller that controlled it really well.
 This is of real practical use to me; it would have been great to use something
 like this when I did my thesis trials so I could improve the quality of
 my retargeting solutions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A controller like this is invaluable.
 What good are my retargeting state/pose solutions if I can't get anything
 to actually perform them accurately?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Future Work
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
CKbots
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
The CKbot controller I used at the Upenn ModLab was very poor.
 It would be excellent if a CKbot model were available in Simulink so that
 I could build a similar controller and use to control CKbots with my retargeter.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
This is something I may very well actually do since I'll be in the ModLab
 next year.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Anything that I said I'd get done that I didn't actually get done.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Branch refs
status collapsed

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "bibliograpy"
options "plain"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
